Added advised height of the camera and display (#9096)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-meeting-room-guidance.md

#### Camera placement

> The camera should be placed at the front of the room below the front-of-room projection but above the top of the table to capture all the meeting room participants at as close to eye level as possible. In most scenarios the ideal height is at  3'-7" or 1090mm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The camera should be placed at the front of the room below the front-of-room projection but above the top of the table to capture all the meeting room participants at as close to eye level as possible. In most scenarios, the ideal height is 3 feet, 7 inches, or 1090mm.
```

The vertical center line of the display must be no more than +/- 15 degrees offset from the eye line of a typical in-room meeting participant seated at the table.

> The bottom of the display should be placed at 3'8" or 1110mm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bottom of the display should be placed at 3 feet, 8 inches, or 1110mm. 
```
